Adds a new control for graph branches visibility (#3929)
gitkraken/vscode-gitlens: CHANGELOG.md

- Adds new ability to search for a GitLab MR in the _Launchpad_ &mdash; closes [#3788](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/3788)
- Adds go to home view button to the commit graph title section &mdash; closes [#3873](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/3873)
- Adds a _Contributors_ section to comparison results in the views

> - Adds a new control for graph branches visibility &mdash; closes [#3101](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/3101)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a new Hidden Branches dropdown next to the Branch Visibility dropdown in the graph toolbar &mdash; closes [#3101](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens/issues/3101)
```
